Theme
PRIVACY POLICY ‘Sharp (Defaul
Last updated May 15, 2025

Select ‘Crete Ne
This Privacy Notice for Mathuram chits(p) limited (‘we," "us," or our’), describes how and why we might access, collect, store, use, andlor share ("process") your personal
information when you use our services "Services’), including when you

+ Download and use our mobile application (Mathuram), or any other application of ours that links to this Privacy Notice
+ Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events

Questions or concerns? Reading this Privacy Notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. We are responsible for making decisions about how your personal To
information is processed. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you stil have any questions or concems, please contact us at $ uw
sgsapp20@gmail.com. GE
SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS.
This summary provides key points from our Privacy Notice, but you can find out more details about any of these topics by clicking the link following each key point or
by using our table of contents below to find the section you are looking for.
What personal information do we process? When you visi, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on how you interact with us and the
Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. Learn more about personal information you disclose to us.
Do we process any sensitive personal information? Some ofthe information may be considered "special or "sensitive" in certain jurisdictions, for example your racial or ethnic
origins, sexual orientation, and religious beliefs. We do not process sensitive personal information
Do we collect any information from third parties? We may collect information from public databases, marketing partners, social media platforms, and other outside sources.
Leam more about information collected from other sources.
How do we process your information? We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention,
and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do
0, Leam more about how we process your information.
In what situations and with which parties do we share personal information? We may share information in specifi situations and with specific third parties. Leam more
about when and with whom we share your personal information
How do we keep your information safe? We have adequate organizational and technical processes and procedures in place to protect your personal information. However, no
electronic transmission over the intemet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers,
cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third partes will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collet, access, steal, or modify your information. Lea more about how we q
keep vour information safe.


‘Want to learn more about what we do wih any information we collec? Review the Privacy Notice in ul,
‘TABLE OF CONTENTS

1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?

2, HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?

23, WHEN AND WITH WHOM 00 WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?

4, DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?

5, HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?

6, HOWLONG 00 WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?

7, HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?

8, WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?

9, CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES

10, DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?

11. HOWCAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?

12, HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?

1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?

Personal information you disclose to us

[In Shore: We collec personal infomation that you provide fo us.

‘We colectpersoalnformation that you voluntary provide ous when you expres an interest in obtaining informaton aboutus or our products and Services, when you
partcpat in acts onthe Services, or ottentise when you contac us.

Personal Information Provided by You. The personalinformation that we collect depends onthe context of your interaction with us and the Sences, the choices you make,
and the products and features you use. The personal information we colt may include the following

+ phone numbers

+ emai addresses

+ maling adcresses

contact preferences

Sensitive Information. We do not process senstve information.

Social Media Login Data. We may provide you with he option to register wit us using your existing social media account deta ke your Fatebook, X. or other socal media
‘count. Ifyou choose to registrin tis way, we wil collec certain profi information about you rom the social media provider, as described in the section called "HOW DO WE
HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?" below.

‘Application Data, If you use our application(s), we alzo may colette follwing information f you choose to provide us wth acess or permission

1+ Mobile Device Access. We may request aozess or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile devie's social media accounts, storage
and other features. you wish to change our access or permissions you may do Soin your device's stings.

+ Mobile Device Data. We automatcaly collect device information (suchas your motile device ID, model, and manufacture) operating system, version information and
‘system configuration information, deve and applcaton identifeaion numbers, browser type and version, hardware model lntemet service provider andlor mobile caret,
and Intemet Protocol (P) adaress (or proxy server). you ae using our appbcatons), we may aso collect information about the phone network associated with Your
mobile device, your mobile device's operating system or platform, the ype of mobile device you use, your mobile device's unique device ID, and information about the
features of our application(s) you accessed.

‘This information is primary needed to maintain the securty and operaon of our application(s). foroubleshooig, and for ur intemal anayics and reporting purposes.
